📝 Clarify SEO visibility setting (#2546)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/environments/search-engine-visibility.md

When you have development environments,
you don't want search engines indexing them and diluting the SEO of your production site.

> Search engine indexers are told to ignore all development environments.

Reviewer: :bulb:
Would it make sense to add a note that not all bots comply to that rule and if privacy is needed it's best to use http auth?

## How it's done

Search engines are turned away from environments by including a `X-Robots-Tag` header:

```txt
X-Robots-Tag: noindex, nofollow
```

That tells search engine indexers to not index these sites and not traverse links from these sites.

> This helps keeps non-Production sites out of search engine indexes.

Reviewer: :lady_beetle:
Typo?
```suggestion
This helps to keep non-Production sites out of search engine indexes.
```

Author: Yes, but `to keep` there is British English, so I'll go with just `keep`.

> This helps keeps non-Production sites out of search engine indexes.

Author: ```suggestion
This helps keep non-Production sites out of search engine indexes.
```
